Update meta descriptions in SDK docs v5 - Closes #828 (#829)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/architecture/communication-architecture.adoc

= Communication Architecture
Mona Bärenfänger <mona@lightcurve.io>

> :description: Covers the action & events interfaces and explains how the different components of the Lisk SDK communicate via channels.

Author: 👍

> :description: The Communication Architecture covers the action & events interfaces, API client, invoking actions & application actions & events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: Covers the action & events interfaces and explains how the different components of the Lisk SDK communicate via channels.
```
